# THE 7TH COMMANDMENT OF THE DEVIL:

## SPREAD PHYSICAL AND SPIRITUAL ADULTERY AND FORNICATION

Welcome beloved, we are still unveiling the contents of the 4 months meeting that took place in the second heaven in the oval auditorium. We talked about the 80 strategies of the devil but now we are dealing with the 10 commandments unveiled by Lucifer.

Today we will deal with the 7th commandment of the devil. The 7th commandment of God is "Thou shalt not commit adultery" (Exodus 20:14). Satan perverts this 7th commandment as "Thou shalt commit adultery, fornication, sexual immorality, both physically and spiritually."

I was there in the meeting hall with the Archangel Michael when Lucifer said, "I want to do everything possible and I need your help on this. I want to spread fornication on the surface of the earth."

When Lucifer made this announcement concerning the spreading of fornication, I said to myself, "OK, I am sure the devil will announce strategies as to how to cause humans to commit fornication and sexual immorality.:"

Then I noticed that the devil wanted the presence of a demon that was missing in this gathering in the second heaven. I was surprised to realize that an important demon has failed to participate in such an important gathering conducted by Lucifer himself but there was a reason and we will come back to that.

Then I watched as Lucifer began to conjure the demon that he was supposed to entrust the mission of spreading fornication and sexual immorality on the surface of the earth. After conjuring her, the demon finally appeared in the oval meeting hall. I noticed that this demon was muscular and intensely furious.

[In Greek mythology, Persephone is the daughter of Zeus and Demeter. She became the queen of the underworld through her abduction by Hades, the god of the underworld, with the approval of her father, Zeus. The myth of her abduction represents her function as the personification of vegetation, which shoots forth in spring and withdraws into the earth after harvest; hence, she is also associated with spring as well as the fertility of vegetation. Wikipedia]

Then Lucifer said to her. In fact, it is when the devil began to address her that I knew her name. The devil said to her, "Persephone, I order you to spread fornication on the surface of the whole earth considering that the planet earth belongs to you."

The Archangel Michael who was by my side whispered to me and said, "The ground force in the hierarchy of the kingdom of Lucifer is in the hand of Persephone. She is the underworld or underground demon."

In fact, there are demons in the heavenly places, on the surface of the earth, in the underworld, and under the sea. Persephone is a subterranean demon in control of planet earth.

I understood the reason for her absence from this gathering. In fact, the devil wanted her to be on her post but in case her presence was necessary and needed, the devil would conjure her. The devil likes the demons to be on their posts and carry out their duties and obligations.

The devil wanted Persephone to be on her post despite this important gathering in the firmament. He only summoned her because there was an assignment for her and she was connected to the matter discussed in this gathering in the firmament. Therefore she had to be there.

Then Lucifer said to her, "Actually I felt the pain, as you live under the earth and as all human beings living on the surface of the earth trample the ground that is under your rule and dominion and as they are all connected to you."

"I entrust to you the commission of causing them to live in fornication because they are in direct connection with you and they are in constant contact with the ground which is the domain under your rule."

I felt pain as the devil was talking because of the realization that anybody walking the earth and trampling the ground was under the dominion of Persephone as she is in control of the earth.

And I came to understand why every time I received a visitation from angels since 2007, I never saw them touching the ground. They are always suspended in space because the earth is controlled by Persephone.

So the devil said to Persephone, "As humanity is in constant contact with the ground and as they are all trampling the ground, I order you to transmit them your vibration so that they shall be animated by the spirit of fornication, prostitution and sexual immorality through your vibration."

As I was watching all this, I was curious to know how will the devil unveil his parameters for the transmission of the spirits of fornication and sexual immorality.

Lucifer said, "Persephone, one day when He was on earth, the other One (Jesus) said, 'A wicked and adulterous generation demands a sign but none will be given except the sign of the prophet Jonah. For just as Jonah was three days and three nights in the belly of the great fish, so the Son of Man will be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth." (Matthew 12:39-40)

It is incredible that the devil quoted this passage of the Scriptures. It is because Persephone is the demon in charge of the lower region of the earth the subterranean kingdom. On the other hand, this passage talks about an adulterous and wicked generation.

Actually, the devil has diversified and placed demons in every region, sphere, and domain of the earth and the universe.

In every sphere of the earth and the universe, there is a classification and organization of demons, in the firmament, under the sea, under the earth and on the surface of the earth. He is not omnipresent, therefore he has constructed his kingdom in a hierarchy and deployed demons in many spheres of the earth and universe.

Under the sea, there is a religious power influencing the earth as the Bible says, "I saw a beast coming out of the sea"(Rev 13:1) and somewhere it is written, "I saw a beast coming out of the earth." (Rev 13:11) The latter is political power.

The devil attacks religion from the power that is in the sea and he attacks humanity through politics through the ground force of the power of the beast coming out of the earth.

The beast from the earth causes political troubles and human sufferings. When the devil wants war and suffering on the earth, he uses political power through the ground force of Persephone stationed on the earth. As a result, there would be political instability with economic consequences.

The devil makes nations suffer through politics and he attacks the spiritual church through the powers stationed in the sea, which are the religious powers. Therefore, we must pray for those that are in politics ruling us as many of them are in occultism.

Lucifer ordered Persephone the political demon to spread sexual immorality and fornication on earth. The implication is that those who are in politics will be the first to receive the vibration of sexual immorality from Persephone.

The commission to spread fornication was conferred on Persephone and anybody trampling the earth is connected to Persephone's vibration and is synchronized to her trend of fornication and there is money in politics because the economy is managed by the politicians in governments.

Many in politics are in occultism and spiritism and also in fornication as they have money. They have the spirit of fornication with their many mistresses as they are influenced by Persephone.

We have to understand that the governments of the world are in covenants and pacts with Lucifer. They are controlled by the devil as the world system of politics is owned by him and there are lodges where these contracts are signed.

When these governments allocate money for payment of workers, public or civil servants, these salaries are already infested and bewitched. They come under the influence of the power of Persephone. The devil is now affecting the world and human society through salaries that are controlled by his followers that rule in national governments.

Beloved, I watched with my eyes and I heard Lucifer saying to Persephone, "Anybody or any workers getting paid by the national governments and branches of a ministry of the government or public enterprise and companies from the government would come under your influence through that salary."

Beloved, the devil is at the core of the functioning of world governments and the systems of this world. He is the foundation of the world political system. It is a fact that the money that governments allocated for the payment of civil servants, workers, and public officials is bewitched and cursed.

Let me introduce something. One night we were visited by the Lord Jesus Christ in the church and He taught us the difference between the offering and sacrifice of Cain and Abel.

Note that Abel brought the fruit of the sheepfold but Cain brought the fruit of the earth. But the earth is cursed and under the control of Persephone.

Gen 4:2-5 Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground. And in process of time, it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD. And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering: But unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.

This is prophetic because we are a kingdom of priests and every priest must have a sacrifice to offer on the altar, which represents the ministry. When we bring our sacrifice, each one of us has a ministry and the work of our ministry is the sacrifice we are bringing to the altar.

When a minister is focusing on earthly stuff or preaching only on the things of this earth, money, prosperity, health, he is bringing the products of the earth on the altar of sacrifice like Cain. Yet the earth is related to Persephone and it is cursed.

Beloved, do not accept just any preaching or teaching when you notice that the preacher is presenting you the products of the earth like Cain. You must be careful. You must follow preaching that presents you the things from above that are eternal.

Abel offered the sacrifice of his sheepfold, representing Jesus the Lamb. Hence preachers should always preach on Jesus as Paul says, "but we preach Christ crucified (1 Corinthians 1:23) and For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord (2 Corinthians 4:5).

Then Lucifer continued to address the participants and said, "When the other One (Jesus) was on earth, He said, 'I am the living bread that came down from heaven.' The devil asked the participants and said, "Where did He come from?" All the participants in the auditorium replied, "From heaven."

Then Lucifer said, "As He is from heaven, you Persephone, you are of the earth. He represents heaven and you represent the earth."

The devil continued and said, "When preachers teach about the things of the earth instead of the things of heaven, like their Master who is in covenant with them, they have rejected their Master because they love the earth and the things of the earth instead of heaven and the things of heaven."

"Their Master claimed to be in covenant with them yet they prefer the earth and the things of the earth and they love you, Persephone. Therefore they have committed adultery by loving the earth and the things of the earth."

The devil said, "The adultery that I am referring here is the abandonment of the heavenly motivation and aspiration from the church and the focus on the things of this earth."
