# STRATEGY OF LUCIFER ENTRAPPING MANKIND THROUGH MOBILE PHONE AND TECHNOLOGY

_Pastor Moses Lushiku reveals what he saw and heard in a Luciferian meeting in the second heaven._

We will today talk about the organization of the marine realm. I will discuss what I personally heard from the mouth of Lucifer concerning mobile phones in the second heaven, during a 6 months meeting.

We were in the meeting in the second heaven when I heard Lucifer saying, "Let all my servants and agents, the scientists stand up!"

Then I saw numerous scientists of all nations and all races from all over the world standing up.

Then Lucifer said, "We will use and trick mobile phone technology to enslave the whole of humanity since none of them can do without a mobile phone."

I saw Lucifer holding something similar to a mobile phone keypad.

Then Lucifer lifted his hand and a blackboard appeared. Then from that blackboard, Lucifer started to explain to the world scientists the mystery about controlling humanity through mobile phone technology. Actually, Lucifer said that the setting and the placement of keys hide his mystery code 666.

Let me read a Bible passage, then we will proceed. Revelation 13:16 -18 The passage I am reading is related to what I will talk about today... 'and he causes all, the small, and the great, and the rich and the poor, and the freemen, and the slaves, to be given a mark on their right hand or on their forehead, and he provides that no one will be able to buy or to sell, except the one who has the mark. They must have either the name of the beast, or the number of his name so that they can buy, or sell. Unless they have received this mark which is the name of the beast, or the number of its name. This calls for wisdom. Let the person who has insight calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man. That number is 666.

Lucifer said, "We are gonna trick and influence humans from mobile phone keys. We have succeeded in introducing our secret code 666 inside."

Then I saw Lucifer begin to do mathematical calculations and demonstrations before these scientists. Lucifer was using the keys of numbers, their adjustments, and placements, and he summed up each of the rows to the result of 6 and 6 and 6.

The mobile phone technology is based on the seal of the AntiChrist, or the mark of the beast, 666, and brothers and sisters you can do these calculations by yourself. You will end up with the Luciferian code 666.

When humans are making phone calls they hold their phones in their right hands and put it on their ears, which has a temporal bone connected with the frontal bones, where humans will receive the mark of the beast during the great tribulation. So, I learned that the phone on your hand is like the mark 666 on your hand and a phone on the ear is like the mark on your forehead. Beloved, I was stunned by Lucifer's demonstration.

After that, I saw Lucifer calling a demon. He had the shape of a monster, and Lucifer said to him, "I charged you to take responsibility for the communication and the mobile technology, and link it between the marine kingdom and the physical world."

In French, any conversation starts with the word 'allo'! This is a trick by Lucifer that means 'in the water'. Actually, mobile phone technology is based on underwater civilization. Every phone call goes there first. Every conversation that humans are having on the phone goes first into the underwater main computer server control grid, by this demon that looks like a monster. This demon is responsible for the underwater central server that controls call traffic made on the earth by humans. This monster's name is HALLOWEEN.

Bonus: (Second part of this Youtube video) Pastor Jonas testimony about mobile phones and technology. The government of Lucifer works on three levels. The first level is the deity of Lucifer. The second level is the kingship of Lucifer, and the third level is the Ministry of Lucifer and the demons.

How does the government of the devil work? He has created a triad. In this triad, there are three demons. The first one is aimed to destroy the divine capacity placed in man. His name is Apollyon. After him, there is a demon who is responsible for causing death and leading souls to the underworld. He is called Belial, and Nichel. After him, there is a fallen angel in the appearance of a woman. She is called the queen of heaven, and she is in charge of technology. She uses it as a tool to bewitch humanity. Through this queen of heaven, Lucifer controls the world with technology and IT. This fallen angel controls the brain of the main underground computer which is located in the marine civilization. She is responsible for the rapid progress of technology on the earth.

Here I digress. When Lucifer designed 'Project 2000' he told us that Christians are beyond his control and he is unable to read their mind, to know the thoughts of Christians, and to read their minds. He caused his servants, the scientists, to design the telephone and the cellular devices. I know that almost everyone has a phone now, but follow me very well. Whenever you make a call, your call first goes into the world of darkness, before it reaches your correspondent. The world of darkness listens to your calls before the people you call to hear. Telephone technology works with the mark of the beast 666.

For example in our country. Here we have a lot of telephone networks, but there are two major networks: the network Vodacom and the Zain network. Both networks use the same satellite. If you take their customer service number and you do a sum, you will end up with 666. Zain is 111 and Vodacom is 555. Now you can add to the sum of 666.

The internet: Each internet address begins with www. The three w's mean 666. The devil is really tricky. We don't want to be ignorant of his devices.
