# WHAT PRAYING CHRISTIANS BECOME EVERY NIGHT

We give thanks to the Lord for His hand of protection throughout the day and the night. Do you know what you become during the night? This revelation was given to me by the Lord. He told me that every night we become what we invested throughout the day.

When a Christian reads, meditates and prays the Word of God he does not know what he has accumulated in his account. The acts of reading the Bible, preaching the Word, and listening to the preaching of the Word, doing praying, intercession, and worship at home, in the community or in the church are all sacred and solemn things called devotion.

It often happens when Christians go to church they do not know what they are earning in the spirit. They who are absent from the church do not know what that they are losing in the spirit.

As Psalms 133:1-3 says, Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity! It is like the precious ointment upon the head, that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron's beard: that went down to the skirts of his garments; As the dew of Hermon, and as the dew that descended upon the mountains of Zion: for there the LORD commanded the blessing, even life for evermore.

The last verse says, "the Lord commanded the blessing, even life for evermore" - Christians who forsake assembling together (Heb 10:25) are missing this blessing without knowing it.

When we meet in our congregations or sit quietly at home to pray, worship, hear the Word, take Communion, do intercession, we are feeding our spirit man spiritually. When we sleep the energies we have accumulated in different devotions all day long will characterize us. While we sleep these energies will form our spiritual likeness and representation of the Lord.

As the Scriptures say in Psa 17:15, "As for me, I will behold Thy face in righteousness: I shall be satisfied, when I awake, with thy likeness." As such a one spends time worshipping the Lord and beholding His face in righteousness, he will be formed with His likeness and image.

During the day, worries and obligations to fulfill our responsibilities and solve the day's challenges and problems may keep us awake. But the spiritual energies that we accumulate during the day and night by praying, reading the Word and meditation, intercession, spiritual warfare, etc gives us the spiritual representation to enable us to have a sound sleep despite the day's problems.

We have bodies that eat physical food while our minds are feeding on things proper to the mind like books, pictures, movies, literature etc. What we do in our spiritual devotions during the day and night change us into extraordinary people. We are no longer ordinary people. We become minds and spirits charged with spiritual energies and anointing which will be used for purposes of transmission and radiation. And these spiritual energies will send out radiations to destroy the enemies of our lives and demons who work against Christians.

Christians who are accustomed to devotions will become overcomers during the night for they will have the spiritual energies to repel demonic attacks. They get such anointing that they will send out radiation to neutralize the works of the devil even as far as many kilometers away.

There is a record that operates in a Christian who diligently practices the spiritual devotions and exercises. He becomes a Christian warrior at night even when he sleeps. He becomes everything he did during the day and that increases his spiritual level and his spiritual abilities.

When we harness and mobilize ourselves to do sacred works like worship, prayer, listening to Spirit-filled sermons, meditating on the Word, doing intercession etc, our spirit man become receivers and vessels of the oil of the Holy Spirit. We go out of the ordinary. Our spiritually charged spirit man becomes instruments in the hands of the Lord to travel the world to minister to those in need of healing and deliverance, to fight unseen battles over homes, churches, communities, nations, to rescue the helpless and hopeless, to pull people out of danger, to comfort the depressed and prevent suicides, to neutralize demonic attacks on people etc.

We become transmitters of the powers of God as the Lord transforms us into instruments of His image, as the Scriptures say in Rom 8:16, The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God. And 2 Cor 3:18 says, But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit of the Lord.

Doing these spiritual works, devotions and exercises gradually and progressively change us into the image of Jesus from glory to glory and enables us to do the works of Christ, and even greater works as John 14:12 says, Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto My Father.

Just as Jesus said, "My Father is always working and so am I," (John 5:17) likewise Jesus uses our spiritually charged spirit man that is gradually transformed to His image to do His work with Him everywhere by day and by night even when we are sleeping.

Paul says in 1 Cor 6:17, "But the one who joins himself to the Lord is one spirit with Him." And since the Lord is always working (John 5:17), he who is joined with the Lord, being in one spirit with Him, is also always working with Him.

This work is happening at the spirit level as the Bible calls it, the deep calling unto deep. (Ps 42:7). When a Christian is full of the oil of the anointing in the depths of his spirit, the Holy Spirit can call upon the depths of that Christian and utilize the accumulated oil of the anointing in him to do myriads of works and activities in the spirit realm.

The weak in spirit and mind are those who are not used to exercising spiritually during the day. They are defective receivers like the five foolish virgins who are sleepy all the time and do not have oil in their vessels. There is the absence of dreams and night visions in them. The devil knows this and that is why he keeps us busy with a lot of mundane things for he worries lest we become receivers and transmitters of the power of God.

When we sleep, our minds turn into a frequency and has the ability to capture the messages from the spirit realm. Our mind turns into an instrument of discernment of spirits. This is how you can be asleep but as you are dreaming, you receive a message that reveals the presence of some demonic attacks. A Christian accustomed to devotions develops a high spirituality and at night during his sleep, he becomes a receiver and transmitter of the power of God.

He has these two sensibilities (receiver and transmitter) that he would not have during the day. Why? Because at night God turns his spirit man into an instrument. He distinguished himself by dreams and night visions and will detect and discern all bad presences. Of course, that operates in surrounding environments as we have become a bright light in the midst of darkness. A Christian who is not faithful to his devotions will not have much light at night. What he has during the night is what he has accumulated spiritually during the day.

God is using the faithful Christian as light and when he sleeps at night, those who work in the darkness against him will notice light shining from him. The more he spends quality time in the presence of God, the brighter the light will intensify in him at night during his sleep. From a distance that light will appear like fire from his ranks and demons that surround such a Christian will not dare to attack him.

Thank you for your attention. I would like that you receive all these truths and all these discoveries and make them a reality in your life and become a powerful instrument at night. This concludes our study with the shepherd Moses Lushiku today.
