# VISITATION OF ANGELS AND THE 3 GOBLETS

_**Moses Lushiku of DR Congo**_

The question is how do angels look like? Firstly I greet you, brothers and sisters all over the world. I'm pastor Moses Lushiku. Now firstly the angels are spirits without flesh but they manifest in color whiter than snow and that whiteness is brightening; it is also luminous. This is the aspect of angels ever since I saw them the first time, and as I continue to see them I notice that they are always very serious. I've never seen them laughing; they are always serious, and when you see angels you feel like you want to sanctify yourself because they reflect God's holiness. They are holy.

My first time to see angels was in the year February 5, 2007. It was in the afternoon in the church. I was in an 8 months prayer retreat. You may ask me the question, "Is it necessary for a Christian to experience angelic manifestation?" Since Christ has promised us the Holy Spirit, not angels as it is written... I tell you the truth, it is for your benefit that I am going away. Unless I go away, the Advocate will not come to you; but if I go, I will send Him to you. And when He comes, He will convict the world in regard to sin and righteousness and judgment (John 16:7-8)…And I will ask the Father, and He will give you another Advocate to be with you forever— the Spirit of truth. The world cannot receive Him, because it neither sees Him nor knows Him. But you do know Him, for He abides with you and He will be in you. (John 14:16-17)

First of all the Holy Spirit is God. He is the divine spirit that coordinate everything in Christians' lives. He is God but the angels' responsibility is to carry out the will of God who is the Holy Spirit and God said to Moses in Exodus 23:20, "Behold, I am going to send an Angel before you to guard you along the way and to bring you into the place which I have prepared."

Generally, angels are messengers. The Holy Spirit is the presence of God in us. God gave Moses a mission to liberate the children of Israel and He said to him, "Behold I place an Angel before you."

The purpose of angels in the ministry or service is for performing wonders, miracles, and signs. Angels assist us in fulfilling or carrying out the assignment given to us by God because every aspect of missions given to Christian is related to specific types of angels whether its healing, deliverance, preaching and every time we do the work of God, we are assisted by angels although we have the Holy Spirit. Like I said they are associated with specific ministries, as the Bible says, "For He will give His angels charge concerning you, To guard you in all your ways." (Ps 91:11)

We are not to pray to angels or to command them. It is God who order them and somewhere it is written He makes His angels winds and His servants flame of fires (Ps 104:4). Angels are like winds as they are everywhere they move like the wind. In the day of Pentecost, there was like a wind and then a flame of fire which is the nature and characteristic of the servants of God. Angels do the works of power like winds exactly the way an angel was stirring the waters in the Bethesda pool (John 5). Angels manifest powers in nature but we are the flames of fire. The purpose of fire is purification and transformation, and servants of God are supposed to effect transformation and purification when dispensing God's counsel. Unfortunately, people prefer winds over the fire. They prefer mighty works. Winds are miracles, wonders, and signs. These are spectacular wonders that people like but fire purifies and turn raw material to gold. We should go after fire and cleansing, not just winds as we are servants. We are flames of fires.

The last time I saw angels was in the 16th December 2015. I was in my bedroom reading the Bible. I was supposed to hold a seminar. Actually, the Lord has accustomed me to these experiences. Every time I was holding a seminar, a board would appear and there will be handwriting on the board and I would take a sheet of paper to write what I am seeing on the board. Sometimes I would close my eyes and see things or images then I would write what I am seeing. These are visions.

Thirdly I would see an appearance of angels or the Lord Jesus Himself accompanied by His angels. On that day I was reading the Bible then I felt like a wind blowing in my bedroom. Then I began to hear voices in that wind. Later when I was writing what I was reading in the Scripture I felt like stifled and hot as the day was sunny, so I decided to take a shower to refresh myself. I went to bathe and as I was in the atmosphere of the spirit I took my tablet with me in the bathroom to listen to Christian music in order to stay in the atmosphere of the spirit. So I started to bathe and I put a Christian song. It was in that bathroom while I was washing up that I got an angelic visitation.

You may wonder how come angels are appearing to a man bathing in the bathroom. Do angels care whether the person is in the bathroom or a delivery room or a place of intimacy? Well, there are many categories of angels. There are warrior angels and if you are in danger they don't mind where you are, and the Bible says that The angel of the Lord encamps around those who fear Him, and he delivers them (Ps 34:7). So you got to understand that wherever you go and wherever you are, you are always accompanied by the angel of the Lord.

He does not care about the place you are, It is the execution of the mission assigned to him which is to protect you that matters, whether you are in a train or drain, he is always with you for your security irrespective of the place you are. They are also angels that are messengers. If it's urgent for you to get the message whatever the place and the condition you will get the message.

What happens is that as I was taking a shower I put a Christian song in order to be in the atmosphere of the spirit. The song was talking about the passion of Christ, but very soon I began to realize that the song was bringing down my anointing. I noticed that since I put that music the intensity of the anointing in my spirit was coming down. This Christian song was getting me out of the atmosphere of spirit. When I realized this I then took the tablet and I changed the song and when I changed the song I realized that I was back in the atmosphere of the spirit. I felt the anointing again and I began to wonder why is that the previous Gospel song got me out of the anointing. I was about to put the tablet back on the shelf and put my towel on when suddenly the bathroom wall disappeared and was replaced by an angelic scene.

I saw 3 angels showing up before me. They were not touching the ground as usual. I remember in the previous vision when I saw the angel of the church who is called Marvellous. He transported me beyond the ceiling of my house at an altitude of 4 meters then he showed me how they perceive the earth. It was really dirty. He showed me the earth which looked like rotten pork skin and he said to me, "This is the earth. This is why we don't trample on it."

The 3 angels that appeared in my bathroom were not touching the ground as well. I noticed that the 3 angels had in their hand utensils like a glass or goblet. One of them said, "Moses!" Immediately I stopped bathing. I was there beholding what was happening.

Firstly the 3 angels introduced themselves as the angels of impact. One of them asked me, "Moses do you know why your anointing was brought down?" The angel said, "It was because of the previous song, but why did the previous song brought down your anointing?" The angel asked, "What was wrong with the song and why did it get you out of the atmosphere of the spirit?" Actually, the song was sung by a popular female singer in the country. The angel said that although the singer is singing about the Word of God she is not worthy nor sacred or holy. She just made a song and released it like that.

The angel said that whenever or wherever a man or woman serving God is holy, his/her holiness is transmitted to his/her service or ministration. When a servant of God is holy, consecrated or sacred, his/her service, therefore, become sacred whether he/she is singing, preaching and praying. It will become sacred because he/she is sacred.

The angel said that when a servant is ministering God's Word and if we notice that his/her service or ministration is sacred and worthy then we involve ourselves in that ministry and counsel which could be a song or preaching. What we do is that we cause the song or the preaching to make an impact upon those who are receiving the message or the song because we are angels of impact.

The angel said that that particular Gospel singer just made a song and just released it without our involvement because she was not worthy or sacred. As a consequence, you ended up out of the atmosphere of the spirit. The angel told me that every time servants or laborers are serving God whether in preaching, singing, praying if they are sacred or holy our assignment is to bring about the impact in the lives of those who are exposed to their singing, preaching, or prayer because we are the angels of impact.

We use the ministry of God's servants as a channel to cause impact in the lives of those listening to them. We implicate ourselves in what they do so that it can affect, impact and edify the listeners. Beloved when we preach the Gospel if we are sacred or holy, angels would come in our preaching and used us as a channel to create impact, conversion, edification, healing, transformation.

Then the angels said to me that the person that was singing the song that I was hearing was not sacred or consecrated. Therefore they could not involve themselves in that music or used it as a channel in order to fortify me. As a result, the song was giving me nothing. It's not just about working for the kingdom but it's about being in a state or condition of consecration and holiness that will allow the angels of impact to get in your service or preaching or singing for it to impact those who are exposed to your service or ministry.

This is the reason why there are many empty songs and empty preaching without impact on people that are exposed to them. Then the angels said to me, "We are here to give you 3 secrets of impact so that singers, preachers, those doing deliverance, soul winning and all the workers of the kingdom would attract angelic participation in what they do and make an impact on people lives."

As I was observing these angels they were all holding their goblets that look like glass. The first angel brandished his goblet and said, "Moses look!" When I looked inside the goblet I saw a greenish oil inside that goblet. The second angel brandished his glass, there was wheat seed inside, and the third angel brandished his goblet and I saw that there was water inside.

Then they said, "These are the secrets of impact in God's service or the ministry." After showing me these 3 goblets and their contents, the angels then allowed me to go get dressed. Then I took my towels and I wiped the water off my body. The 3 angels were still standing there. Then I went quickly to dress in my bedroom. Curiously they were also standing in my bedroom in the same position as they were in my bathroom. I thought I left them in the bathroom but I found them in the bedroom.

Then I dressed quickly. Afterward, the angel that had the goblet full of greenish oil held my hand, and instantly we traveled away to an unknown place and we landed in a place that looks like an office or classroom. There was a board and an angel was speaking like in a classroom. He was teaching and his words were appearing on the board. Then the angel holding the goblet full of greenish oil said, "Moses, have you ever heard about God's school? This is it."

## THE FIRST SECRET OF THE ANGELS OF IMPACT:

### BE FILLED WITH THE HOLY SPIRIT

Then the angel said to me, "Today I am giving you the first secret of impact." The angel gave me the goblet containing greenish oil and said, "Drink it!" I took the goblet and I drank the green oil, but while drinking it I noticed that the greenish oil was foamed like beer, so when I drank it, it was supposed to cause an effect of drunkenness, not of beer but of the Holy Spirit. The angel said, "The oil that you drank is the first secret of impact and you are supposed to be drunk of the Holy Spirit."

Then the angel said to me, "Tell the church and the laborers in the kingdom that before anybody serves or dispenses service to the people he must beforehand be filled with the Holy Spirit who is represented by this green oil you just drunk. They must make sure that they are consecrated because there will be consequences. When the workers are consecrated, sacred and holy, the consequence is that they will attract the angels of impact in their ministry and service and there will impact in what they do, whether they are singers or musicians or preachers."

Then the angel said to me, "The reason you drunk the oil is that it is in you; its part of you." We were still in the school of God when the angel said to me, "Remember Moses in the scriptures, he was not anointed though he was the one who anointed Aaron as it is written, "Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity! It is like the precious ointment upon the head, that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron's beard: that went down to the skirts of his garments" (Ps 133:1-2).

The Bible says that when we are together let someone sing a song let someone preach as the purpose of our gathering is edification.

Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly, teaching and admonishing one another in all wisdom, singing psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, with thankfulness in your hearts to God. (Colossians 3:16)

And do not get drunk with wine, for that is debauchery, but be filled with the Spirit, addressing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody to the Lord with your heart… (Ephesians 5:18-19)

As a result, oil will flow whenever someone sings or preach in order to affect and impact or edify one another. In this passage of Ps 133, Aaron is mentioned because he was anointed and not Moses although he was called. So when Christians meet in a gathering, the oil will first flow to the leader because Aaron is the symbol of leadership. The oil will come first to the leader, then to the body which is the church.

Now let suppose in the church the pastor is not sacred and holy, he becomes an obstacle for the church as the anointing is supposed to come him first. The angel said to me that it was Aaron that was anointed as God said to Moses, "See, I have made you like God to Pharaoh, and your brother Aaron will be your prophet. (Ex 7:1). In other words, it's Aaron who will speak because he is anointed not Moses as he is not anointed.

I bless the Lord because in the school of God I learned why Moses was failing to speak. Any leader that is not anointed and lack intimacy with the Holy Spirit his message will be powerless or lifeless and unconvincing.

The angel said that those who have not drunk the oil their words and preaching will be limited and powerless. Aaron was anointed because he had a prophetic ministry but Moses was not. Since he had no ministry he was made a god. That explains why he had difficulty in speaking the language in comparison to Aaron although he was a powerful leader.

The angel said, "The oil is also prophetic; with the oil, you can prophesy and declare things." The angel said, "Your job is to drink the oil and declare the Word and our job is to come in your ministry and to cause impact including miracles, wonders, and signs."

The angel finished by saying, "For us angels of impact there are no such things as bad or good songs. As long as the one who is singing or preaching has drunk oil and is filled with the Holy Spirit we will enter in his ministration and cause his service to impact those listening to him."

The angel said, "We don't mind his voice whether its good or not, as long as he is sacred, holy and full of the Holy Spirit we will cause his song to affect those who are exposed to it. When you are anointed you will not struggle to heal the sick. Just uttering a simple word will have an effect just as Jesus was not struggling to heal the sick because He said, "The spirit of the Lord is upon Me. He has anointed Me to heal the sick (Is 61:1. Lk 4:18). If you want an angelic impact on your services, you need to be filled with the Holy Spirit."

## THE SECOND SECRET OF THE ANGELS OF IMPACT:

### READING THE WORD DAY AND NIGHT

The second angel took a receptacle in the shape of a glass and inside that glass there was wheat. The angel said to me, "Take some and eat." I took some of the wheat in that glass and I ate them. It was crispy. Then the angel said, "Behold the mystery. The bread is made from the farina (milled wheat) which is made from wheat from which allow the making of bread." This wheat from the angel was chocolate in color.

Beloved if you want to make an impact whether you are a minister a servant a laborer in the kingdom serving the Lord you must be eating wheat continually. Before presenting yourselves in front of the people you must eat the wheat and it should be in your stomach. This is a mystery. That is why the angel asked me to take some and eat, and it is in my stomach. Now as I am talking to you that's why I am impacting the world because I have been fed with wheat by angels of impact.

Then the angel said to me, "Jesus was born in Bethelem although He was conceived in Nazareth." Gabriel told Mary, "You shall conceive," and Jesus was conceived in Nazareth but He could not be born in Nazareth as no prophet has a prophecy about Nazareth. It is not known in the Bible, in the history and the prophecy. That's why Gabriel ordered Mary and Joseph to go to Bethlehem during the census as this is a prophetic city related to the Messiah in comparison to Nazareth. Bethlehem means House of Bread. Later Jesus said, "I am the Bread of Life." In fact, Jesus was born in the house of bread, therefore, He was the Bread of Life.

You must understand that the bread is the main food in current life. Whatever the country or culture it is eaten every day in the morning and the evening but not at noon. Jesus is the Alpha and the Omega. We start the day with bread and we finish the day with bread. This is supposed to be the routine of the believer who wants to make an impact. He must start the day with the Word and finish the day with the Word.

Let's read in Proverbs 9:4-6 “Let all who are simple come to my house!” To those who have no sense she says, “Come, eat my food and drink the wine I have mixed. Leave your simple ways and you will live; walk in the way of insight.”

The angel told me to tell the world that whoever wants to make an impact will have to eat the wheat, the Word which will transform us into the image of Jesus. In the above passage given to me by the second angel of impact, we can read that the implication of eating bread results in 2 effects on the person eating it. The first effect is that you quit stupidity and the second effect is that you become wise. If you want to lead God's people and if you want to impact God's people Jesus wants you to abandon stupidity. You must not be stupid. Throughout the scripture stupidity is associated with sin, iniquity is associated with foolishness.

The Bible talked about the foolish bride who lacks the oil, the anointing and the consecration to God. When we eat bread we quit stupidity and foolishness which is sin and iniquity. If you gonna make an impact on others you will start by leaving stupidity and foolishness. You must quit iniquity. It is written, "You have loved righteousness and hated wickedness; therefore God, your God, has set you above your companions by anointing you with the oil of joy." (Heb 1:9).

The second effect of eating bread is wisdom. The passage we read says, "Come to eat my bread so that you become intelligent." The angel of the Lord said to me that the intelligence that the book of Proverbs talks about is what you human call inspiration. The one who eats the bread of God becomes wise and the Bible says the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.

## THE THIRD SECRET OF THE ANGEL OF IMPACT:

### BOILING, EVAPORATION, AND CHARGING OF WATER

We were still in the school of God when the third angel of impact gave me his goblet and asked to drink the mysterious water that was inside. He told me that this water is a secret of impact and then he began to explain to me the mystery regarding this water. The angel said that there is a mystery behind this water and that water goes through a rotation cycle and water do a continual routine. Then the angel said to me that the Lord Jesus our master and your Father said in the scripture that "My people have committed two sins: They have forsaken Me, the spring of living water, and have dug their own cisterns, broken cisterns that cannot hold water. (Jer 2:13)

Firstly the angel said that Jesus is our Father and their Master which means we are His children and heirs while angels are His servants. They obey orders from their Master but we are in the family as the Bible says that The Spirit Himself testifies with our spirit that we are God's children. And if we are children, then we are heirs: heirs of God and co-heirs with Christ — if indeed we suffer with Him, so that we may also be glorified with Him. (Rom 8:16-17)

Then the angel said to me that the stream water or the flowing water undergo a cycle by which it is exposed to the heat of the sun. As a result, it enters into a boiling process and as a consequence, there will be evaporation. The angel was trying to explain to me the mystery and the cycle of water. The question is what is the necessity of the evaporation process.

Firstly the angel said to me that the Lord Jesus Christ is the Sun. "But for you who fear My name, the Sun of Righteousness will rise with healing in His wings. (Mal 4:2)

The angel say that the church or the believers go through a process similar to that of a stream or flowing water that is exposed to the sun heat and then goes through a cycle of boiling and evaporation caused by the heat of the sun of righteousness which is the image of the Lord Jesus Christ as the Bible says, "Dear friends, do not be surprised at the fiery ordeal that has come on you to test you, as though something strange was happening to you. But rejoice inasmuch as you participate in the sufferings of Christ, so that you may be overjoyed when His glory is revealed." (1 Peter 4:12-13)

In fact, anybody can experience evaporation. Just take a container of water and then expose it to fire or heat there will be boiling and evaporation and liquid water will become vapor. In Jeremiah 51:16 it is written When He utters His voice, there is a tumult of waters in the heavens, And He causes the clouds to ascend from the end of the earth; He makes lightning for the rain And brings forth the wind from His storehouses.

And if you ever heat water as we do here in Congo, you will notice that there are particles or materials that come out of the water. So in heating water, there is a separation that happens. Dirt would separate from the water. We understand that when the heat of the sun boiled the stream water, there is evaporation and as consequence, there is a separation that happens. As the water evaporates, there are particles or sediment that cannot evaporate or dissolve. These particles or dirt become solid remains. This cycle is a representative or an image of what happens to believers that are supposed to be used by the Lord as efficient laborers in the kingdom and for the angels of impact to involve themselves in your service and ministry. You will be exposed to the heat of the sun. As a result, there will be separation with everything in the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life. And the Bible says in Isaiah 53:10 said, "But the Lord was pleased To crush Him, putting Him to grief." And it is written, But rejoice, inasmuch as ye are partakers of Christ's sufferings; that when His glory shall be revealed, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy. (1 Peter 4:13).

The consequence of evaporation is the changed state. Water turns into a gaseous state and it is for a purpose. But before changing the state there must be a separation from water that is not evaporable or dissolvable which turn to particles or sediment. Beloved, there is a part of you that has to die before you can become a powerful instrument in the hand of God. Separation must happen first.

This is the secret of impact. Before serving the Lord before singing or peaching or leading others you must undergo separation. You must be exposed to the heat of the sun. You must undergo the boiling process for separation from elements in your personality that will stop you from rising in the air. Evaporation is an image of the rise in dimension and for you to rise in the dimension you gonna have to separate from something that you know that is not supposed to be there, a sin or an attitude.

You have to understand that water boil when it reaches 100 degrees. This is a difficult and painful period or stage for the believer as he is experiencing separation. He is to be broken through suffering and it's never easy but it is a compulsory process in order to be used effectively and efficiently by the Lord and to make an impact.

If you want to make an impact you gonna have to go through the cycle of separation. Those who aspire to serve the Lord and to make an impact in their generation they will have to go through the separation process. They must separate from anger, evil thoughts, fleshly attitudes, etc. The condition and state of water after the boiling and evaporation process is different from the water before these 2 processes.

There is a change of state and condition. Before the boiling, water was liquid and after the boiling water has become gas or vapor. There is a change of nature, a change in state, and a change of condition and when a believer went through the breaking process successfully the change in his personality will be evident to all. As the Bible says that you shall know them by their fruits, and when he serves God the angels of impact will involve themselves and cause those who are exposed to his service, his preaching, his singing to be impacted.

This is a major secret about service and impact revealed to me by the angels of impact. Beloved this teaching was happening in the school of God. There was a board, chairs, desks, and tables, and while the angel was speaking, his words were appearing on the board. He said when water has become a vapor or gas you have to understand it is already separated from particles that were not subjected to the phenomena of evaporation and when water turns to vapor it becomes lighter than liquid water because it is separated from its sediments. It's like you are discharged of your loads which are sins. You consequently become light and weightless as Heb 12:1 says, Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us.

But there are Christians that are raw, yet there are serving God. How can you do an exorcism or pray for people while you have a girlfriend/boyfriend and you are in fornication? Preachers and singers especially singers, they dress badly. They are in fornication. They tend to rebel themselves in the church when they become popular. Most Christians are not yet used by God and many servants think that they are anointed but they are just emotional and in any case, it is just the name of Jesus displaying its power. It has nothing to do with the servant.

Now what happened next is that the water that is turned to vapor will be seated in the cloud like Job says in his book Job 26:8 He bindeth up the waters in his thick clouds, and the cloud is not rent under them.

That is in gaseous state or vapor state and the next thing that will happen is that this water will be exposed to the sun heat. As a result, this gaseous water will be ionized by the sun. The sun will ionize and transmit electrical charges to that water or vapor. If you collect rainwater you can use it as a battery because it contains electric charges. It contains ions received from the sun.

A broken believer is bound to be filled and clothed with the power and anointing of the Holy Spirit as he is broken and separated. This is the third secret of impact revealed by the angel of the impact. The angel is talking of the cycle of stream water which is imagery of the process by which believers and servants in the kingdom have to go through so that they can make an impact while ministering the works and words of God.

The first step was that the water was boiled as it was heated by the sun. As a result, there was separation and the water turn to gas or vapor. Then the water in the gas state was again exposed to the sun which was supposed to transmit electrical charges to this water vapor. And it is after this last process after receiving electrical charges that finally the water would come down to earth to water the earth and sprout or germinate the earth and this water affects the vegetal and animal life. The water will be useful to man to animal to vegetation because the water contains electric charges received from the sun.

After these waters from above have come down on the earth as rain, they will have to be subjected to the heat of the sun again. Then they reach the boiling and evaporation point again and they will have completed the cycle and come down to water the earth and germinate the vegetation life. This is imagery of Christian life.

Beloved for you to be loaded with electrical charges and to impact your generation there is a process that you cannot escape from - that is separation and evaporation from the sins of the flesh, soul, and spirit as 2 Corinthians 7:1 says, Having, therefore, these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.

And 1 Th 5:23 says, And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly, and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.

It's only this way that the angels of impact will involve themselves in your ministry. We are the water charged with electrical energy to germinate the earth, to bring life to humans, vegetation and animal life, and in Hebrews 6:7 the Bible says, For ground that drinks the rain which often falls on it and brings forth vegetation useful to those for whose sake it is also tilled, receives a blessing from God.

The Grace of Our Blessed Lord Jesus be with your spirits! Amen!
