# THE MYSTERY OF THE FOURTH MAN WITH THE THREE HEBREWS IN THE BLAZING FIRE

Dearly beloved, welcome. I will tell you this experience exactly as I saw it. We were in the country of Congo in the year 2017 in the month of February. I was sleeping when I lost my sleep at 4:00 a.m. This was on the day of my missionary journey to Capetown in South Africa. I was convinced that the Lord wanted to talk to me while everybody was sleeping.

So I headed to the living room to pray when suddenly I heard the noise of a huge fire in the living room. The noise of this fire was as if I was around a huge furnace and the noise of this fire was constantly increasing in the whole of the living room. I felt like I was inside or in the middle of fire because of the increasing noise of a burning furnace. I was in wonder and confusion with a question.

While I was wondering about the origin of this noise something happened. I found myself inside a literal fire and in the twinkling of an eye, I saw the Lord Jesus Christ appearing inside the fire. Actually, the Lord appeared with three young men inside this furnace. We were all in a great furnace of fire burning intensely. All this was happening inside my living room which was literally transformed into a furnace of the blazing flame of fire.

Immediately after the manifestation of the Lord, I felt like my head was opening and new intelligence and understanding was imparted to my soul. I saw a new intelligence and understanding entering me in the shape of visible rays of light. I could feel it physically. As a result, my understanding and intelligence were maximized and reached a supernatural level and I received the spirit of discernment which caused me to speak with precision.

I began to speak and I was pointing to the three young people who showed up in my living room with the Lord. I said to the first one, "You are Shadrach," to the second one, "You are Abednego," and to the third, "You are Meshach," and the fourth person which was the Lord Jesus Christ. I don't know by which the mechanism I was able to identify, differentiate and distinguish the three young men. I thought it's probably because my intelligence was touched, enlightened and became supernatural. I received a new intelligence and understanding that caused me to see things in a totally different way. Despite the fact that I did not live in ancient Babylonian times and period, I could identify and differentiate them because of the new intelligence and enlightened understanding.

On the other hand this the experience convinced me that Jesus Christ is the Lord God that was appearing and manifesting in the Old Testament. Many times when I read the Bible in the Old Testament the scripture always say that the Lord appeared to Abraham, the Lord appeared to Moses and the prophets. I came to understand the Lord who was appearing to the prophets in the Old Covenant was Jesus Christ. He is the one who was appearing to the elders in ancient times.

Actually, I have experienced many visitations and encounters with the Lord Jesus Christ. I have encountered the Lord many times as you know and I know the face of the Lord Jesus Christ and the face of the Lord that I always see in my encounters is the same face that I saw in the furnace with the three young Hebrews. Therefore my conclusion is that the Jehovah of the Old Testament is the Jesus Christ of the New Testament. Jesus Christ is God Himself.

Afterward, I noticed that my ears opened and I heard an audible voice saying, "We have transported you to the past so that you can experience the scenario faced by the three young Hebrews in Babylon. You will transmit what you see and hear to the four corners of the earth."

This experience was happening in my living room that was turned to the furnace of blazing fire in which the king of Babylon Nebuchadnezzar threw the three young Hebrews in order to punish them for refusing to bow down to the statue of gold. After throwing them in the furnace, the King asked, "Have we not thrown three Hebrews in the fire but who is the fourth person in the fire who looked like a son of God?" The Bible says he commanded certain valiant warriors who were in his army to tie up Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego in order to cast them into the furnace of blazing fire. Then these men were bound up in their trousers their coats their caps and their other clothes and were cast into the midst of the furnace of a blazing fire for this reason because the king's command was urgent and the furnace had been made extremely hot.

Dan 3:19-25 Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego: therefore he spake, and commanded that they should heat the furnace one seven times more than it was wont to be heated. And he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army to bind Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, and to cast them into the burning fiery furnace. Then these men were bound in their coats, their hosen, and their hats, and their other garments, and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace. Therefore because the king's commandment was urgent, and the furnace exceeding hot, the flame of the fire slew those men that took up Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. And these three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, fell down bound into the midst of the burning fiery furnace. Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonished and rose up in haste, and spake, and said unto his counselors, Did not we cast three men bound into the midst of the fire? They answered and said unto the king, True, O king. He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God.

Beloved, I saw the Lord conversing with the three Hebrew young men in the furnace of fire in my living room. It was incredible and strange to experience ancient times in my house that was turned to the furnace of a blazing fire. When I saw the Lord Jesus talking to Daniel's friends, I felt a great feeling of trust to the Lord Jesus. I saw at what length the Lord Jesus Christ will go in order to teach His church certain truths.

Beloved, I am here to bring to you the word of the Lord Jesus Christ our God. The three Hebrews in the furnace of blazing fire and their conversation in the middle of fire I will try to copy the tone of the voice of the Lord although it won't be possible. This is what the Lord said to the three Hebrews, "Behold we are in the school of fire. This is where you humans allow Me to make you My work. This is the place I make you and perfect you in My work."

Beloved as my understanding was maximized I understood that when we are going through fire when we are going through trials and tribulation we become the work of the Lord. That is the time that the Lord is working on us and working in us. Then the Lord Jesus Christ said, "I have the duty or purifying you like gold from raw condition to the finished and refined product. Fire is the last phase of transformation and purification that cause My children to look like Me. When you are seeking Me and My presence without going through fire your experience will be temporary. When you want to get closer to Me without the process of purification by fire your experience will not be total. That is why many people are starting and investing themselves in the journey of faith but getting exhausted like salt vanishing in the water."

The Lord said, "Whoever goes through fire changes his nature and undergo a transformation which will not allow him to go back to his previous raw state because the process cannot be reversed."

The Lord Jesus Christ was speaking and the three Hebrew young men were listening. Then the Lord said, "Whoever goes through the fire of purification gets divine power that is imparted to him the divine principle of eternity. This substance of eternity will enable him to dominate death once and for all. In the law of Moses, it is written, "In the beginning was the Word," and God said, "I want to underline to you this was the manifestation of the flame of fire which was moving in emptiness. It was through this moving flame of fire that My voice was uttering the Word of creation and when I was transmitting the Ten Commandments to Moses. It was through the same flame of blazing fire that was manifested. And every command that I was issuing to Moses was a flame of fire that was detaching from Me and was printed on the tablet of stones. You must understand that My Word is fire and fire is a part of Me and My nature is fire. When I gave My Word to Moses through fire the Word was intended to transmit My fiery nature to My people. That is why I am called the Word of God. Every commandment that I gave Moses is a flame of fire and the Ten Commandments are the ten flames that I gave you in order to make a fiery covenant with you."

Beloved, as my understanding was maximized I immediately remembered the day of Pentecost. I remembered how the Lord was manifested in a fire on the day of Pentecost. The Bible says in Act 2:1-4, "And when the day of Pentecost has fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance."

Beloved. I remember this event where the fire was divided upon 120 people who were there. I understood that the Lord wanted to transmit His nature to His people who were there.

Then the Lord said to the three Hebrews, "The fire of purification is the past that gets you from time to immortality and eternal life. I have appeared to you in the fire in order to testify that I am the author of My Word which will be proclaimed in the four corners of the earth up to the four generations through the four gospels. You must understand that My fire glow but it does not consume. Therefore fear not when I come to set you ablaze and kindle you. Fear not when I come to test you far as of trial and test can appear tough but it will not consume you. On the other hand, this is the mechanism of transformation to the dimension you are required to reach and to become. Today you must discover why I have to come down and manifest to Moses in the burning bush in order to give him a commission. This is the answer that you are in need of. The true deliverance is when you go through the fire of purification that destroys your emotion and sharpens your spiritual sensibility to the level no one can capture and overpower you. I know this word is beyond your intelligence but a time will come the future generation will talk and preach about your story."

While the Lord was talking to Daniel's friends something hit my spirit about the fourth generation. When I began to think about the fourth generation immediately a board appeared before me and it was written on this board, "From Adam to Abraham is the first generation. From Abraham to Jesus is the second generation. From Jesus Christ to the year 2000 is the third generation and from 2000 to the rapture is the fourth generation."

When this board of chronogram disappeared I heard an audible voice saying to me, "Moses, what you are hearing, these Hebrews could not understand it. They could not understand it because it is the prophecy of your time."

The Lord said to me, "You are preparing yourself for a journey to South Africa. This is symbolic of the journey of the church. You are going on a journey for a mission in South Africa but the church is also preparing for a journey because very soon the church will be raptured. Very soon the church is traveling to the heavenly Jerusalem."

The Lord said to me, "If I took you to the time of Daniel it's so that your understanding will be opened. The king who has erected the statue in Daniel's time symbolizes the devil who wants to be worshipped in the end times. That is why I have sent the pillar of fire because it is late in the night just like the pillar of fire was leading the children of Israel in the night in the wilderness. My servant Paul wrote in Rom 13:12, The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us, therefore, cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armor of light. David said in Psalm 119:105, Thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.

Because of the absence of the Word which is the light, there is darkness in the world. And the Lord has sent the pillar of fire in the night which signify the second Exodus. The pillar of fire is deployed in this end time marked by darkness resulting from the absence of the light which is the Word. We are in the night where the Word is not preached and in this darkness, the Lord has sent the pillar of fire which is active and the church in this time of darkness to lead the children of God out of this world.

And the LORD went before them by day in a pillar of a cloud, to lead them the way; and by night in a pillar of fire, to give them light; to go by day and night. (Exodus 13:21)

This is the time of Exodus and as the children of Israel were following the pillar in the night. We are to follow the pillar of fire leading us out of this world to the eternal kingdom. We are making preparations and getting ready to leave. We are following the pillar of fire who is the Lord Jesus Christ who is leading this second Exodus to the promised land.

The Lord said, "The fire and the pillar of fire are the prophecies of the walk of the church and the church is leaving."

The Lord said, "Babylon is the symbol of this world of seduction and in order to pass and overcome this test the church will have to go through the fire of purification. The children will need to be broken."

The Lord said that we are in the school of fire where we allow Him to work on us. The trials of fire allow the Lord to initiate work in us so that He can use us after purifying us in the fire. Whoever goes through fire allow the Lord to make and work something in him. For the Lord to work through us we have to go through fire.

The Lord said, "I have the duty of purifying you like gold from the raw state to the finished state."

The Lord explained to me that it's only when we become as pure as gold that we become more qualified and ready for heaven. The work of fire must be initiated in our life and it must produce its result which is purification.

When the Lord sent fire in our lives it is for the sake of perfection and perfecting us. I saw the Lord exclaiming and saying, "The fire is the final phase of the purification process that causes My children to resemble Me. Whoever goes through the fire, the access to heaven has become easier for him because he resembles the Lord. Whoever goes through fire become perfect."

The Lord said that when as Christians, we begin the walk of a believer if the fire of God has not yet broken us we will likely fall again but whenever we go through the transformation of fire we will never return to our initial raw state. Any object that goes through a transformation through fire will never return to its initial state. Fire changes the nature. This implies that any believer that goes back to his initial sins and transgression has never gone through the fire of purification. Every time you see a believer backsliding this is due to the fact that he has not yet gone through fire. Every time a Christian goes back to his sins and transgression it is a result of the fact that he has not yet gone through fire. He has not undergone purification of fire otherwise he would not have gone back to his initial sins and condition. When a raw material goes through fire it never returns to its initial state.

Every time we receive the Word of God we are receiving fire which has detached itself from God. The Lord said, "When Moses said, "In the beginning was the Word," this was the manifestation of the flame of fire that was moving in emptiness."

And when the Lord was explaining to me this truth I was transported to the period before creation. It was an infinite emptiness. Everything was as white as snow. There was no object, no creation just emptiness. Then I saw a huge flame of fire like a moving star in this infinite emptiness which was moving around.

The Lord said, "As it is written, "In the beginning was the Word," everything was made by the Word. The creative word was uttered by this flame of fire moving in infinite emptiness. It was from the moving flame of fire that My voice was uttering the Word. And when I was issuing the Ten Commandments to Moses it was the same flame that was moving in the emptiness that manifested itself in the burning bush. Every command from My mouth was a tongue of fire detaching from Myself and imprinted on the tablet of stones."

Beloved, every time the Lord was issuing a commandment, a flame of fire was detaching from Himself and was imprinted on the tablet of stones. The Ten Commandment are ten flames of fire that detached themselves from God who is a blazing fire. That is why Jesus is called the Word of God in the book of Revelation.

Beloved, every time we are exposed to the Word of God we are exposed to the fire of purification. The Word of God and the Ten Commandments impart to us God's nature. Our covenant with the Lord is done through His Word which is fire. The purification of fire is a path to heaven. Whoever goes through fire will not die but will have eternal life. Daniel's friends certified their qualification for heaven when they were thrown in the fire of purification. Whoever gets transformed by fire has made his redemption secured. He is a candidate for heaven.

Confirming the souls of the disciples, and exhorting them to continue in the faith, and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God. (Acts 14:22)

Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happened unto you. (1 Peter 4:12)

That the trial of your faith, being much more precious than of gold that perisheth, though it be tried with fire, might be found unto praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ. (1 Peter 1:7)

And of the angels, he saith, Who maketh his angels spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire. (Hebrews 1:7)

For our God is a consuming fire. (Hebrews 12:29)
