# CAUGHT UP TO THE OUTER COURT IN FIRST HEAVEN

I would like to talk about happened in 2014. During a convention in our church, there was a guest speaker from Eastern Province that we invited. The theme of the convention was miraculous worship. When the guest speaker was delivering the message about worship he asked the church to worship the Lord in whatever position that is convenient. While I was worshiping the Lord I felt the power that always seizes me when the Lord wants to transport me in a spirit realm. I was caught in the spirit and I was overwhelmed. I did not know that my body was left behind and that it was my spirit that was transported.

I found myself in front of a huge golden gate and in front of this massive gate there were many peoples dressed in tatters and dirty clothes. These people seem to be blind. When I looked around I saw two angels stationed around the golden gate. They had massive wings. These angels were different from angels that I saw previously because their wings were huge.

Then I moved closer to where they were standing. They welcomed me and we started to talk. These angels were speaking simultaneously. They were talking at the same time and they were saying the same thing. None of them spoke quicker or slower than the other. There was a synchronicity.

They said, "You are wondering why we speak at the same time. You want to know who we are."

I was still emotional and in wonder, in their presence. I said, "Yes."

They spoke at the same time and they said simultaneously, "The scripture was talking about us in the aftermath of the fall of your ancestor Adam. Remember when Adam sinned the Bible said after sending them out the Lord God stationed mighty cherubim to the east of the Garden of Eden and He placed a flaming sword that flashed back and forth to guard the way of the tree of life. We are the cherubim that prevented Adam from using the way that leads to the Tree of Life. We are going to tell you why we closed the way of life freedom and who are and what is our purpose."

Gen 3:22-24 And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live forever. Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence he was taken. So he drove out the man, and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life.

Then they said to me, "Come and see."

We moved to a place where I saw a balance. There were two receptacles hanging on the balance containing water.

The angels then said, "We are going to show you how you came here. We will tell you what is this place and why these people are blind and in tattered clothes and what is the purpose of this balance."

The cherubim said to me, "Humans through the church have three powers that enable them to access the courts of heaven. These three powers are three dimensions or means of transportation of believers in the celestial kingdom."

"The first power which is the first dimension is worship. When you Christians worship the Lord wherever you are on the earth there is a separation between your body and your spirit and you are transported to the region of heaven precisely the Outer Court. It is written a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the Father in spirit and in truth for the Father is seeking such as these to worship Him."

Joh 4:23 But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship Him.

"The second power and dimension that causes you, people of God, to be transported to heaven is prayer. Every time a Christian prays, wherever he is on the earth, there will be a separation between his body and his spirit that will be transported to the Outer Court of the heavenly kingdom."

"The third power or dimension that causes Christians to be caught up in the Outer Court of heaven are the reading and the hearing of the Word of God. When you read or hear the preaching of the Word of God, things happen in the spirit realm. The reading and hearing of the Word of God transport your spirit to the kingdom of heaven. Every time you do these things you end up in the Outer Court of the celestial kingdom because they are sacred."

The angels said, "When you go back to earth, tell the preachers, tell the worship leaders, tell the intercessors that they come to heaven every time they pray, every time they read the Word of God and worship. Christians do not realize how sacred holy and solemn these three things are. They fail to understand that things happen in the spirit world and that their spirits are literally caught up to the heavens."

I was told to inform you preachers, worship leaders, intercessors the separation of our spirits from our bodies and the transportation of our spirits to heaven. But most of you believers were never taught that worship, meditation of the Word and prayer transport you to the three courts of heaven. Therefore you do it lightly and in a carnal way yet your body stays on the earth but your spirit ends up in the Outer Court of heaven.

While the cherubim were talking to me a man turned up among the people who were in tattered clothes.

The cherubim said to me, 'This man is alive on earth. He has arrived through worship, meditation of the Word and prayer. Christians do not realize that they are a kingdom of priests and a royal priesthood and that they are handling holy and sacred things that have ramifications in the spirit world."

The Angels said that the church is not educated about sacred and holy things, therefore, Christians are handling sacred and holy things casually.

Then the angels asked me, "What was your condition before arriving in heaven?"

I replied that I was in worship.

They said, "You must always be clean and purify yourself before touching sacred things."

The Angels told me that many Christians are failing to clean themselves before touching sacred things therefore they are stuck at the Outer Court. They cannot access the city in the Holy of Holies.

The two angels said, "When Adam sinned, God ordered us to prevent him from using the way that leads to the tree of life and the tree of life is Jesus Christ who said I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life. Our purpose is to prevent carnal and unprepared Christians that are landing in the Outer Court to access the city in the Holy of Holies. They are failing to purify themselves although they are the royal kingdom of priests and a royal priesthood yet they are dealing with sacred things like worship prayers and the meditation of the Word. As a consequence, they are landing in the Outer Court of the celestial kingdom."

When I looked around the massive balance I saw water.

The angel said, "When you arrive in the Outer Court in a state of holiness we have the duty of washing and cleaning you with the water that is on the receptacle of the balance. Then we have to dress you in the garment of the purest white. Afterward, we have to change the composition of your body by clothing you with a body of glory. Even a Christian who walks in holiness has to be washed by the cherubim."

While these cherubim were talking to me a man turned up. The cherub reminded me that this man is not dead on earth, he is alive and well. He is transported here in heaven through sacred things."

I noticed that the spirits of many people were here in this Outer Court. They were dressed in torn garments and they were stuck in the Outer Court of the heavenly kingdom. They could not access the Holy of Holies like Adam. These people came to church and they did not purify themselves.

The cherubim then took the man that was holy and pure. They washed him in the water that was in the receptacle of the balance. I was surprised because this man was already holy.

The angels of the Lord read my mind and they said, "We are washing this man despite his holiness in order to remove the Adamic nature. He is still a descendant of Adam, therefore, he is still inclined to do evil even if he is holy. The Adamic nature is still in him. Therefore the tendency and disposition to commit sin is still present in him.

The angels of the Lord said to me, "Every time you come here through sacred things like worship our task is to destroy and remove the Adamic tendency and inclination so that you might be worthy to enter the holy and eternal City."

The cherubim said, "It is our responsibility to stop unworthy believers from entering the gate that separates the Outer Court and the Holy Place. They were many people in the Outer Court but only one was worthy to enter the Holy City because he has purified himself. The rest were carnal and unprepared. They were blind and in torn garments."

Now after the cherubim finished washing the man they changed his physical countenance by dressing him with a luminous body and garment of light and he was sent through the double door leading to the Holy City.

Then I saw members of my church assembling in the Outer Court of heaven through worship but they were not worthy to enter the celestial City where the Lord Jesus Christ was welcoming those who are worthy.

Then the angels of the Lord took me; they washed me and dressed me in a shining garment with a glorified body. Then they sent me through the double door leading to the Eternal City. When I entered the double door I saw Jesus Christ right behind the door. He was glorious and He was smiling at me.

He said, "Welcome, O man, you have found favor to access the way that your ancestor Adam could not. I am the Gate of the sheepfold."

The Lord Jesus Christ held my hand and said, "Come and see what your ancestor Adam could not see." Then we entered the city with the Lord.

He said, "Here there is no angel because I am the One who works and I meet everybody entering the gate of the Holy City."

Jesus Christ said, "You heard about the first heaven so look and contemplate."

My mind was completely blown away by the beauty of this place yet this was only the first heaven but there is also the second heaven and the third heaven.

The Lord said to me, "Your spirit has been coming here very often. Every time you read the scripture, every time you pray and worship your spirit comes here, your understanding is enlightened in the first heaven."

The Lord said to me, "Observe and look carefully."

When I started to observe I realized that we were walking on a boulevard of diamond that was clear like water. I was walking with the Lord Jesus Christ on a diamond that was transparent like liquid.

Jesus said, "When you go back to earth tell the world that here in the first heaven we walk on diamonds, It is devalued here. When you walk on something you have authority over it. I will show you how you can become a master of money and wealth on earth. You fight for diamonds over there but here it is just a pavement."

This road was in a diamond that seems blue and white. Then I saw a priest along the road where we were walking. He was burning incense. He did not mind as he went on doing what he was doing.

Then I asked Jesus, "Why is the priest burning incense?"

The Lord said, "Come and see."

Then a hand appeared in heaven towards the priest who was burning incense. I didn't understand what was happening. I asked the Lord, "Who is that priest burning the incense?"

The Lord said, "When you go back to earth tell My people in order to walk on gold, there are two laws which are priesthood and what you saw above the priest is the helping hand."

Jesus said, "It is written in scripture, I will lift up my eyes to the mountains. From where shall my help come? My help comes from the Lord who made heaven and earth." (Ps 121:1-2)

Jesus said, "The mountain in this passage is not a geographical mountain but the church. It is a prophetic mountain."

Jesus said, "The priesthood is all about serving God and when you serve God with your heart, the helping hand of God will intervene in your life."

The Lord Jesus said, "I came to Earth in flesh as a High Priest. I had to become a human and being in the body made Me weak therefore I needed a helping hand because every priest is entitled to the helping hand. It gave Me the power to give My life and take it back."

Jesus said, "Money is always around the priesthood. If you serve Me you will deal with money and health."

Then the Lord Jesus said, "Remember King Belshazzar. By accident, he touched the goblet of priests and that made him a priest according to that dispensation and the helping hand was around him. It is that helping hand that wrote on the plaster of the wall his judgment near the lampstand in the royal palace. The king who was a priest was weighed, numbered and divided. The fact that the king was a priest he was entitled to the Outer Court of heaven. On the Outer Court of the kingdom of heaven, the king was weighed on the balance and he was found light and unworthy like many believers who are priests today."

After explaining to me the priesthood and service in the first heaven the Lord said, "I want to take you to the second heaven but your spiritual level is still low. Go back to earth and prepare yourself."
