# SATAN'S STRATEGIES AGAINST CHRISTIANS UNVEILED IN THE SECOND HEAVEN

Let me give a brief statement about my call and vocation from the Lord. It happened one day as I was laying down on the courtyard of my house when suddenly a force took over me. As a result, my spirit went out of my body and I was taken to the sky. When I got there in the atmosphere I saw the Lord Jesus Christ.

Beloved, when you meet the Lord Jesus Christ you will know that you are standing before God Himself. It is automatic when the Lord Jesus Christ set His eyes on you. His anointing will be transferred to you and your understanding will be renewed and enlightened instantaneously and you will be connected to the supernatural.

The Lord said to me, "Look at the earth."

When I looked at planet Earth the Lord said, "When you divide the earth into three portions that are the proportion of humanity that will be saved through your message and your ministry."

The Lord said, "You are an end time servant. I will use your ministry and others to bring about the rapture of the church. Your ministry will be prophetic in order to prepare My people for the rapture."

A few weeks later I was convinced by the Spirit of the Lord to spend some time in the church for prayer. As a result, I began to spend most of my time in the church in prayer. In fact, I left my house in order to sleep in the church for prayer. I spent eight consecutive months in the presence of the Lord. This was not a result of an audible voice recommendation but a simple conviction of the Holy Spirit.

I was sleeping in the church. Later I was joined by members of my church. They were touched by the fact that I have left behind my house in order to pray and sleep in the church for many months. Then one day in the morning after prayer something happened. I was talking to a member of my church when suddenly I saw three beings of extreme beauty dressed in white garments of luminous glow. These tall and robust angels were not touching the ground. These were supernatural entities.

The first angel introduced himself to me and said, "I'm the Archangel Michael. I work in the field of spiritual warfare. It is written that the angel of the Lord encamps around them that fear Him (Ps 34:7). I am the one who encamped around the children of God. I will reveal to you the secrets about the kingdom of Lucifer in spiritual warfare. I will tell you the secrets about the devil because I know him. I was the leader of the regiment that cast him out of heaven."

> Rev 12:7-9 And there was war in heaven: Michael and his angels fought against the dragon, and the dragon fought and his angels, And prevailed not; neither was their place found any more in heaven. And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him.

The second angel introduced himself to me as Gabriel. He said to me, "I am the one who appeared to your sister Mary in order to announce her the good news about the birth of the Savior. The Bible says, "God sent the angel Gabriel to Nazareth a city in Galilee. The angel went to a virgin promised in marriage to a descendant of David named Joseph. The Virgin's name was Mary. When the angel entered her home he greeted her and said, 'You are favored by the Lord. The Lord is with you.' She was startled by what the angel said and tried to figure out what this greeting meant. The angel told her, "Don't be afraid Mary you have found favor with God. You will become pregnant and give birth to a son and name Him Jesus. He will be a great man and will be called the Son of the Most High. The Lord God will give Him the throne of His ancestor David. Your Son will be king of Jacob's people forever and His kingdom will never end." (Luke 1:26-33)

Beloved, when I heard the Archangel Gabriel calling Mary the mother of the Lord Jesus Christ "My sister" I felt a special feeling, a feeling of pride and prestige. Then Gabriel said to me, "I am the one who gives believers messages in dreams and visions. When they are in deep sleep I will reveal a lot of things to them."

Actually, the Archangel Gabriel revealed to me 100 secrets contained in Jesus' parables. Then the Archangel Gabriel said, "We come to your churches and to your houses and we walk by your side yet you people are so busy with everyday preoccupation which has reduced your spiritual sensibility. Therefore you cannot sense our presence around you and you cannot see us although we are everyday around you. But the fact that many of the children of God are seeing us these days it is an indication that the event of the return of the Son of God is at hand. I will reveal to you secrets about life beyond the grave and the end of time."

The third angel seems different from Michael and Gabriel. He introduced himself as Marvelous. He said, "I am the angel that appeared to the mother of Samson. The Bible says, "A man of Zorah named Manoah from the clan of the Danites had a wife who was childless unable to give birth. The angel of the Lord appeared to her and said, 'You are barren and childless but you are going to become pregnant and give birth to a son. Now see to it that you drink no wine or other fermented drink and that you do not eat anything unclean. You will become pregnant and have a son whose head is never to be touched by a razor because the boy is to be a Nazarite dedicated to God from the womb. He will take the lead in delivering Israel from the hands of the Philistines." (Judges 13:2-5)

The angel Marvelous said, "I work in the field of salvation." And at the end times, this angel with the name of Marvelous was the Lord Jesus Christ Himself.

After this first encounter, the next four days were days of angelic visitation as the whole church was able to hear the voice of the angels of the Lord.

On the fifth day of angelic visitations, something happened. It was on the 10th of February 2007 at 5:00 p.m. The Archangel Michael who promised to reveal to me secrets about the devil and spiritual warfare came and he held my right hand.

Immediately my spirit left my body. Michael held my right hand. We took a speedy flight. We began to ascend in the speed of light and we found ourselves in the atmosphere and over there in space the Archangel asked me, "Do you know where we are going?" I was about to respond when he said, "Lucifer has summoned a meeting in the 2nd heaven which will start in a few minutes. The kingdom of heaven has chosen you as their representative to take part in that meeting and reveal the contents of this gathering to the world."

A few minutes later we arrived in the second heaven. Then we entered the auditorium which was a huge oval hall. This place was between heaven and the earth. The chief angel Michael said to me, "Fear not and don't panic. You just stand by my side. You must observe and listen to everything. You have been commissioned to tell the world everything you will see and hear."

Actually, as I was attending this gathering in the 2nd heaven the Lord Jesus Christ had entered my body that was left on the earth and He took complete control of my senses. He was addressing the people of God in the church while my spirit was attending this summit in the atmosphere.

Back in the auditorium in the second heaven, I noticed that the hall was full to capacity. Demons of all kinds and people from all nations were waiting for the prince of this world, the devil. Once we got in the meeting hall the chief angel Michael said to me, "Very soon you will see our enemy which is your enemy." We were hovering over this auditorium when suddenly I heard a thunderous explosion. This detonation was the arrival of Lucifer. The devil did not arrive like everybody else but in a thunderous explosion.

## SATAN WITH DOG HEAD

I saw Satan for the first time on the 10 of February 2007. Immediately after landing in the oval auditorium the devil transformed himself. I mean his head turned to that of a dog. Then he said to the participants, "Do not be surprised by my emblem of a dog head. I took the appearance of the dog because I want to demonstrate to you that I am God. The reason that I summoned you today is that I heard the other One claiming that He is God and that He wants to save humanity."

The devil and demons of Hell don't quote the name of Jesus Christ for fear of adverse effects. The devil refers to Jesus Christ as "The Other One." Then with a hand sign, the devil removed the sealing of the oval Hall and he caused the assistants to rise beyond the ceiling of the auditorium.

I saw the assistants suspended in space and observing planet Earth. I have to admit that I managed to recognize some faces of the assistants. Then I saw the devil pointing a particular section of the earth. He actually zoomed to a section of the earth. As a result, we saw people getting on with their lives in that section of the earth but strangely all the people on that section of the earth had dog heads just like Lucifer himself.

Afterward, the devil zoomed to another geographic section of the earth and we saw the human population of that part of the earth with dog heads. Then the devil zoomed to still another section of planet Earth and we saw people in different churches. We saw pastors, we saw evangelists, church singers, deacons in the church with dog heads. Churches were full of believers, preachers, and singers with dog heads.

Afterward, the devil got the assistants back in the auditorium. Then he said to the participants, "You saw with your own eyes 80% of the world population with dog heads which is my emblem. You saw with your own eyes many believers preachers singers with my emblem of a dog head. They have my image and my likeness. They look like me yet the other One who claimed to be God the savior of humanity has only 20% of the world population. The question every one of you is to ask and to answer is this, 'Who is God - Him or me?' He has only 20% of the world population. Who is powerful - Him or me? It is written in their law that the dog has returned to what he has vomited.

When the devil said this I remember the passage in 2 Peter 2:21-22, For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness, than, after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. But it is happened unto them according to the true proverb, The dog has turned to his own vomit again; and the sow that was washed to her wallowing in the mire.

Then I saw the devil still with his dog head. He vomited on his pulpit and then he consumed his vomit. Then he said to the assistants, "It is thanks to my power that 80% of the world population are sinners and the majority of the believers have backslidden. Any Christian that has backslidden has adopted my emblem of the dog head. He has my image."

At that moment I saw the assistants that were made up of demons and humans falling down on their knees worshipping the devil and declaring him God. The Bible says in 2 Corinthians 4:4, In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them.

The assistants were worshipping the devil and saying, "You are God because 80 percent of the world population resembled you. They have your image and your emblem. You are more powerful than the other One who has only twenty percent of the world population."

Dear believers every time we are living in sin we are adopting the emblem of the devil which is a dog head. The Bible says whosoever practices sin is of the devil.

> He that committeth sin is of the devil; for the devil sinneth from the beginning. For this purpose, the Son of God was manifested, that He might destroy the works of the devil. (1 Jn 3:8)

I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last. Blessed are they that do His commandments (“Blessed are they that wash their robes.” - other translations), that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city. For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie. (Rev 22:13-15)

As the worship of Lucifer was going on, the Archangel Michael and I stood in a diagonal position to the pulpit of the devil and then the devil started the meeting which was to last four months. In the firmament, he began to unveil his 80 strategies against humanity in the church. His words were automatically printed on a book called "Techniques and Tactics." That book is also called a "Traps Trigger" which means how to set a trap for the foolish man and the imprudent.

The gathering in the firmament lasted four months. Basically every time the devil was unveiling a strategy he was adjourning the meeting in order to deploy demons to execute the new strategy in various regions of the earth and sometimes demons were traveling in a dimension beyond our physical world.

In the meantime, the meeting would be suspended and the participants would be waiting for their return and their report. These demons were traveling to many parts of the earth that were in night or day times. They were traveling long distances in a split second or very few minutes and they were traveling to several countries, continents, and cities. They were also traveling to the marine kingdom, the subterranean kingdom and even to the firmament. And every time these demons were traveling to the cosmos I had to follow them in order to see what is happening and how they were executing their missions.

I was ordered continuously by the Archangel Michael to follow them. As a result, I have been to many invisible kingdoms of Lucifer and I have accumulated knowledge of the tactics and strategies of the enemy. In this message, I will bring you words of Lucifer exactly as he said them so that everybody would understand the kingdom of darkness. As it is written, "You will know the truth and the truth will set you free." (John 8:32)

Then the devil started to address the assistants with arrogance. He said to the participants, "I have gathered you today because we have an opponent. I heard Him saying that He wants to save humanity. That is why I have gathered you today so that we can prevent that from happening. Today I will deliver a few strategies in order to cause His followers to become weak and vulnerable so that our kingdom will grow on the earth."

## THE LAW OF REPETITION AND RESISTANCE

Then Lucifer started to enumerate and elaborate on his strategies which were a total of 80 points. The devil disclosed the first strategy that he called vaccine or the law of repetition and resistance. He said, "Through this strategy, we will impose law in the lives of born-again Christians. Basically, the followers of Jesus Christ have a luminous ring of fire above their head and this orbit of fire above their head is potentially destructive. It can neutralize us, therefore, I want to underline that you should not come close to Christians as long as their ring of fire is shining and burning. We must initially put out the fire of that ring of light before engaging them for fear of defeat."

"Let it be clear if you come to report to me after being wrecked because of the ring of fire I will be left with no choice but to destroy you. Do not come close to Christians as long as their fire is burning and glowing. You must observe and monitor them before taking any action against them. On the other hand, it will be apparent that when these people commit sin, the fiery ring of light will go off. Their light would be put out as a result of sin. It is only that way that they will become vulnerable. In fact, your mission is to get born-again Christians to commit sin in order to turn off the ring of fire and light above their heads."

Dear believers, there is a ring of fire above the head of each born-again Christian which is self-generating electric energy of God. The Bible says you are the light of the world (Matt 5:14). A Christian is full of divine and electric energy and the electricity charges from God are running all over his system. That is why a demon would not come close to a Christian.

Then the devil said to the assistants, "You must use the method of surveillance and monitoring. I order you to watch them and their families in order to mount a surveillance system around born-again Christians. Do not do anything against them before mounting a system of surveillance and monitoring and when they sin you will notice that their light and fire emanating from the luminous ring and orbit of fire will go off. The moment a born-again Christian commits sin, you will report to me because this is the best time to attack them. On this basis, you have to understand that sin is our gospel and sin will be our gospel. Sin is the mechanism by which the luminous flame of the believer goes off."

And I saw the devil instructed his demon to report to him every time a Christian sinned because that is of a critical moment to strike him. I come today to beseech you Christians to keep your flame luminous. Every born-again Christian has the responsibility of keeping his luminous ring of fire turned on. The Bible says that John was a burning and shining lamp and you were willing to rejoice for a while in his light (John 5:35). The Satanic world is desperate to get Christian fire and light to go off. They can do nothing against believers as long as the ring of fire is burning and shining. It is sin that turns off the light of the believer inducing in him a time of vulnerability and fragility.

After explaining this strategy, I saw the devil summoning eight demons to step forward and he gave them syringes. The devil said to them, "Every time a born-again Christian is caught in the act of sinning you will inject this vaccine called the law of resistance and repetition in him. When a Christian is caught in sin, you will surround him and you will pray. You will summon me in the following prayer, "O supreme master Lucifer this is your victim who has listened to your voice and he has obeyed your order and instruction. Come and enter his body which is your temple." When you say this prayer I will come in a speed of lightning and I will enter the body of this believer and I will vaccinate him with the law of resistance and repetition. As a consequence, he will fall repeatedly in that sin despite his fasting despite his decision to abandon his sin. The victim will always fall in that sin because he is vaccinated with the law of repetition. Even if the believer confessed his sin but as he is injected with the law of repetition he will become a slave of that sin. He will repeat that sin again and again despite his remorse despite his will his fasting and his determination.

> Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin. (John 8:34)

Then the devil said to eight demons standing before him, "After you vaccinated the victim seven of you will leave him but you will stay and be stationed around the victim. You will monitor and surveil this Christian in case this believer feels the guilt and he is manifesting the will to repent and abandon his repetitive sin. I order the demon stationed around him for monitoring him to call the other seven demons. Once they joined you the head, you will call me again in this following prayer, "O supreme master, this is your victim who wants to rebel from you and escape your bondage." At that moment I will come down at the speed of lightning. I will enter his body in order to shake the vaccine in him. As a result, the victim will weaken and will have the tendency to return to that sin despite his will to escape."

Then I saw on a pulpit of the devil a mirror. The devil did an incantation prayer. As a result, this mirror was multiplied. It was distributed to the assistants. The devil said, "Before attacking a Christian you must make sure that he is visible in the mirror."

Beloved when a demon is coming to fight you, he is coming with information and precision. He is well informed about your condition.

The devil said to the assistants, "That Fellow (Jesus) has branded me the prince of this world. If only one of them affectionate himself with the things of this world his profile will be visible in the mirror. Some of their attitudes are my nature like anger, animosity, envy, and hate. Those who are in these things belong to our kingdom automatically. But remember to check in the mirror before doing anything against them. If they appear in the mirror it means that they are in a state of weakness and their weakness and sin are my nature."

## ATTACK THE AREAS OF THEIR NEEDS

The next strategy is called: NEED.

Lucifer said, "We must watch and analyze the emotions and the feelings of Christians by observing their 3 needs: Marriage, Finance, and Ambition."

He continued, "If you have been fighting one of them, and failing because of their holiness, and righteousness, just give up but focus on their marriage. Wait until when they will think about getting married. You will work to inject suggestion in their head to get them to make a false choice. It is from here that upright people will fall when they make a wrong choice, and we get them to marry our representative, by investigating their criteria, and preference."

Lucifer said, "As we have many enterprises and corporations on earth, you will be arranged so that they end up working in our companies and businesses, and they will be surrounded by our agents. They will be paid salary with our bewitched money and they will sign a contract with us without knowing. I asked my demons to give them initiative so that they can expand their business, as a result, they will always be focused on the material world."

The devil always fights the marriage because this is a covenant that makes people one in marriage. There is a law called the law of fusion which makes 2 people 1. And the devil likes it so that he can unite wheat and tares together to create fusion and confusion.

## CONDEMNATION DUE TO WORDS COMING OUT OF OUR MOUTHS

My dear believers, I am here to bring words from the enemy exactly as I heard it in his meeting in the firmament. I heard the devil unveiling one strategy after another. Then he unveiled a strategy against the church called condemnation.

He said, "My agent demons followers and demons observers, you have a very important role to play. Your purpose is to observe and listen to what comes out of the mouths of believers. You're gonna have to be patient. You must follow them and listen carefully to words coming out of their mouths. Actually, these humans claimed to have been created in the image and the likeness of God but this is what we will do to them. We have five strategies in order to condemn them on the basis of what comes from their mouth."

The first strategy is during the TIME OF ANGER. The devil said to demons observers and followers, "In the time of anger humans don't control their words and they don't control their decisions nor their actions. Therefore, this is a critical time in order to capture their words and condemn them."

Beloved, you must understand that when you are angry there are demons assigned by the devil to observe you and to capture words from your mouth and decision you make. Therefore when you are angry you must learn to hold your tongue. You must not sleep with anger and you must forgive. The Bible says death and life are in the power of the tongue and those who love it will eat its fruit. (Proverbs 18:21) The devil will use your words to condemn you.

The second critical moment is the TIME OF CHOICE as the devil said to his demons, "Condemn people pronouncing a word of love. When you hear a human saying to his partner, "You are my angel," his guardian angel must leave on the basis of his own word. As a result, his partner will take the angel place. He is condemned by his own word. When someone says I will only marry this or that type of man this is verbal government binding him. He is inviting the spirit of singleness."

Beloved, people are binding themselves in covenants through words spoken from their mouth. It is necessary to cancel negative words. There are words you say that will destroy your life as they are captured and brought to pass by demons.

The third tactic is in TIMES OF HUMAN SUFFERING. The devil said to his demons observers and followers, "In a time of suffering and hardship I always hear humans saying, 'Oh I am miserable. I am unlucky in my life. Everything I do is not working.'" The devil orders these demons to bring to pass those words and sentences spoken by humans during their hard times as many cursed and condemned themselves through their own mouths.

## CAUSING BELIEVERS TO BE LAZY AND HEAVY

Then the devil unveiled an additional strategy that will cause believers to be heavy so that they won't be able to pray or read the Bible or attend the church. As a result, they will become an ordinary human being. The devil insisted to the participants by saying, "Do not let them pray. Do not let them read the scripture. Do not let them go to church. Do not let them tithe."

Then I saw the devil summoning a demon that looked like Superman. This demon was dressed in red and blue just like Superman but the devil called him superhuman. He said to him, "I have chosen you to visit Christians at home in the days of their church service. You must be informed about their church program five hours before it starts. You're gonna blow on them the bluish smoke. As a result, they will become heavy and they will feel like not going to church. They will feel uncomfortable." The devil said to him, "Blow your bluish smoke even on their cars. As a result, the unexplained breakdown will happen. They will seek justification not to attend church and they will have them."

Lucifer said to the superhuman, "You shall move from one Christian house to another and you shall blow your bluish smoke. As a result, there shall be procrastination. As a consequence, they shall be incapable of praying even if they set the clock. The same thing with Bible reading. They will have the feeling of doing something relaxing instead of going to church."

## PERSON NAMES AS A TOOL TO DESTROY THEM

Then the devil unveiled another strategy called name. The devil said, "We will use people's names as a tool of manipulation in order to destroy them." It is clear that the devil is always seeking ways to destroy humanity and he said to the demons, "You will make sure that their lives have become their names."

Beloved, in the Bible, when God called people He changed their names. If you do not have a positive name you better change it now. The Bible says in Gen 32:28, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed.

I heard the devil saying the spirit of homonym (words with the same sound but have different meanings) will follow the hominin (all humankind).

Examples of homonym are:

- Bat - an implement used to hit a ball / a nocturnal flying mammal
- Bright - very smart or intelligent / filled with light
- Circular - taking the form of a circle / a store advertisement

The second issue about a name is that when you name yourself or your child after a family member or a friend the nature of that person can be transferred to you or your child through the channel of the name and there are these demons, followers, and observers. Their job is that every time your name is called they have to transform you into your name. Every time your name is called they will get meaning of that name to come to pass and fulfill in your life so that you become your name.

## BEWITCHMENT THRU BEAUTY AND HYGIENE PRODUCTS

The devil announced another strategy called beauty and hygiene products. I saw the devil order 30 demons to travel back under the ocean and while these 30 demons were leaving the oval auditorium heading underwater, the Archangel Michael order me to follow them. This was our secondary journey beneath the ocean and this time around the devil sent these demons to meet underwater sirens so that they can design beauty and makeup products. When we were leaving the oval hall the devil interrupted the meeting in order to wait for the contingent of 30 demons to bring back beauty products.

When we arrived underwater it's like the water siren and goddess Lamaze who knew already what Lucifer wanted. She could also read the mind of these demons. In fact, every time the devil think about something he can transfer his thought quickly to his collaborators. The devil possesses a network that allows him to inject thought to his followers. When Jesus said to Peter, "Get thee behind me, Satan," He was dealing with a thought from the devil that he transferred to Peter's mind. That's how the devil work.

I saw demons of all kinds under the ocean. I saw sirens under the ocean who were very beautiful women. They were extremely beautiful as though they were changing faces. I remember their names such as Alice and Jacqueline Sol Ange Lily Liliane Juliet. Then I saw their great lady, the Queen of the Coast manipulating the sand beneath the water and turning them to beauty products.

I saw powder, lipstick, lotions, soap and many more. There were tons of these beauty products. I saw a siren in the name of Juliet printing her face and her name on the wrapping and embossed on the soap. This soap called Juliet is still used in our region and our country. When you use that soap the power of seduction of Juliet will be at work on your appearance which is artificial beauty. Therefore you must pray for these beauty products as the Bible says to pray ceaselessly even in little things. And then the devil said, "We will dressed women with a mask of ugliness and old age in order to undermine their marriage and cause their husbands to be tired of them."

The 30 demons transported these beauty products from the underwater to the oval meeting hall in the second heaven. As the hall was oval they placed them in the middle of the hall. There were lipsticks, soaps, lotions, deodorants, fragrance, and others. Then the devil resumed the meeting and I watched as the devil began to curse these beauty products.

The devil said, "We will spread demonic smells on women or men that are using our deodorants and fragrances. The moment their sweat mixed with our deodorants they will smell like some of our demons."

Actually, demons have their smells and I know these smells. Some demons smell a mixture of deodorants and sweat. Other smells like acid.

Then Lucifer said, "Women using our products will have artificial beauty. They will have the beauty of my servants the sirens and mermaid printed on their face. It is this way that we will spread fornication on the earth. When women use these beauty products they will become irresistible."

The devil said, "Every time a human will envy these women because of the beauty of my servants the sirens and mermaids they will be admiring and worshipping images of the things under the sea which are sirens and mermaids."

As far as the devil is concerned, the pictures of sirens and mermaids on makeup products are equal to building an image of things from under the sea. These beautiful faces of sirens and mermaids that are printed on the makeup and beauty products are a representation of sirens and mermaids as it is written you shall not make for yourself an idol or any likeness of what is in heaven above or on the earth beneath or in the water under the earth. (Ex 20:4)

[The section about women sanctifying beauty products by prayer before using them has been deleted. One cannot sanctify a cursed product or a product that God hates.]

We should learn to pray for everything. I mean everything we buy in the market we need a life of ceaseless prayer (1 Thess 5:17). When I was in the marine Kingdom I saw sirens designing beauty products and they were printing their faces on these different lotions and beauty products.

I heard Lucifer saying repeatedly, "Let fight. Let us not slow down. Let continue to work in order to separate believers from their Master."

FORGETFULNESS TO DAILY SACRED DUTIES

Then the devil unveiled a new strategy called forgetfulness. He said to the participants, "We must work to get believers to forget their daily sacred duty and obligation. As a result, they will be in discord with their Master. Their Master is supposed to be the central and a cornerstone of their lives but we must work so that their Lord will no longer be the central focus of their existence. Firstly let get them to forget praying, as a result, they will lack spiritual strength."

Beloved when I heard this from the mouth of Lucifer, I understood that prayer gives believers spiritual strength and even the Bible says to pray ceaselessly (1 Thess 5:17). Then Lucifer said, "We must give them to forget about going to church by confusing church schedules. As a result, they will be without anointing."

By these words, I understood that attending the church gives believers more anointing as it is written in the psalm of David, "Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity! It is like the precious ointment upon the head, that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron's beard: that went down to the skirts of his garments. As the dew of Hermon, and as the dew that descended upon the mountains of Zion: for there the Lord commanded the blessing, even life for evermore." (Psalms 133:1-3)

The devil continued and he said, "Let them forget reading the Bible." Then the devil drew the attention of the participants by saying, "Be careful of that book. It is magical and powerful. They must not read it otherwise they will have the knowledge and they will uncover our actions."

The devil continued and said, "Let them forget paying tithes so that we can ransack and plunder their houses and finances. We will send them hardships and sicknesses and cause them to spend beyond their means."

These words made me understand the importance of tithing. Tithe protects our business and our finances and the scriptures says in Malachi 3:10-11, Bring you all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in my house, and prove me now herewith, said the LORD of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it. And I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground; neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field, said the LORD of hosts.

Then the devil said again, "Let them forget their law so that they can sin. It is only after they sin that we can remind them of their law so that they can be in guilt."

He continued to let them forget to take care of the leaders financially.

## HEREDITARY

Then the devil announced another strategy that he called hereditary. Then Lucifer said, "For God loved the world so much that He gave His one and only Son so that everyone who believes in Him will not perish but have eternal life (John 3:16). This is humanity's favorite passage that I am reversing. For Satan so hate the world that he gave his own son Beelzebub so that whoever fell in his trap shall not be saved but perish forever."

Then the devil exclaims and said, "I love Beelzebub because of his mission. He is gonna assist me to bring forth a great posterity. My great family is in the making. Behold I have so many people resembling me."

Beloved, the Bible said that Jesus branded the high priests as the children of the devil because of their behavior. Jesus said, "Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar and the father of it." (John 8:44)

The devil said, "I am branded as the father of lies, therefore, I need more children who are liars and who resemble me. That is why I order you Beelzebub to trap anybody practicing lies and incorporate them into my family. When any man would be deliberately lying in that very moment you get a hold of him to bring him inside my family. Indeed I am called the father of lies and liars are my children. Whatever their confession and profession whether they are pastors evangelists priests deacons, bring them to me for they are my children."

Then the devil said to Beelzebub, "Incite people to pride because I am the father of pride. As a result, I will have many children. You're going to incite men to sin because it is written that I sinned right from the beginning and the more they are sinning the more children I have."

"Beelzebub, I have always been treated as the opponent and the adversary so you gonna make sure that the whole world is in sin so that they would be opponents and adversaries of God and the more they are sinning the more children I have."

"Beelzebub, they must despise the church and prayer. They must despise men of God. They must despise the holy things. They must oppose Bible traditions and values. They must denigrate Christianity."

The devil said, "You Beelzebub my prime minister I charged you to combat the Word preached in churches all over the world."

Actually, Lucifer has a global government and Beelzebub is the prime minister of his global government. The devil said to Beelzebub, "Let the Word preached in churches all over the world be without Revelation. Let their preaching be without edification. Let these preachers lose their fire and anointing. Let them be limited. Let them be focused on miracles. Let them be focused on prosperity. Let them be focused on the spectacular things."

Beloved the devil wants the church to focus on earthly things and temporary things. Then Lucifer said, "It is written in their Scripture and their law that your Word is lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path and the moment the revelational Word which is the light is replaced by accessories and the materials items then there will be no more be light left in these churches but there will be darkness and as consequence the church will be my synagogue. If they continued and said the word of their Master and Lord has branded me as the Prince of Darkness it will be like a curse in these churches as I will be the Prince of these churches that are in darkness as a result of the corrupt word preached there."

The devil said to Beelzebub, "You must stifle their leaders and preachers financially so that they lack the basic necessities. As a consequence, they will be overloaded with problems and setbacks. They will focus their attention on how to get by instead of spending their time on the Word and prayer.

Beloved churches must organize in order to support the ministry so that the pastor can deal with the Word in order to spare him from working and taking care of himself.

Then the devil said, "Let's target the pastors' wives so that there will not be harmony in their homes. As a result, the pastor will be demoralized with stress and sickness." The devil said. "Let's work so that we will send women to these pastors to get them to fornicate. As a result, they will become ordinary humans and carnal and it will be a defeat for the church."

Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body, but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body. (1 Cor 6:18)

## OCCULTISM

The devil unveiled a strategy called occultism. He said, "The purpose of this strategy is information gathering about believers. We will operate through two sectors. Firstly we will use animals as an instrument then we will use art objects. Concerning animals we are gonna use domestic animals closer to humans like dogs and cats. We will use dogs and cats as a camera in order to get information about these believers. These animals will be initiated into spiritism and they will be our instruments."

We must underline that animals do not have a spirit but their bodies can be used as instruments or vehicles by the human spirits and demonic spirits.

Lucifer said, "We are going to use sculpture and statues as instruments." Actually many statues and sculptural representation of occultic masters and the spirits of these masters dwell inside these statues and people who buy these objects and take them home will be under the influence of spirits dwelling in these art objects. Occultists want to enter your house through the object of art, a statue or sculpture. These spiritual masters double themselves and send a part of their spirit into the statues and when people buy these statues they are bringing a foreign presence in their homes. These strangers are represented through statues and they are observing and gathering information about you.

## PUTTING OUT THE CHURCH

Then Lucifer announced a strategy called putting out the church. Lucifer then addressed the auditorium and he said, "This is the commission I am giving you witches and wizards. You must join churches and be stationed there permanently and you must combat the spiritual growth of local churches at all cost. But in case these churches are still growing then forget about spiritual methods. Resort to physical methods and subject these churches to criticism and foster divisions among them."

Beloved, every time a local church is characterized by division, slandering, backstabbing, these are symptoms of witchcraft activities. I just want to underline that the church will grow only when a vision given to the man of God is fulfilled. The church will grow through the support of the members who must adapt and align to the vision of the man of God and they must bring their assistance and financial contribution.

Then Lucifer said, "Let's make sure that in every single Church on earth there is at least one witch so that he can gather information and report to us." Then the devil said, "Let my servant witches and wizards that I assigned to churches be of good standard. You must have a good attitude and be closer to pastors in these churches. You must gather information about every local church on the surface of the earth and every Saturday at midnight I want you to report containing information about what is happening in these local churches."

Then the devil says to them, "If you fail in your assignment then I will have to send female spirits of the sea. They will migrate to the surface of the earth and they will take human shape and they will join these churches. They will do your job." The devil insisted, "You must be permanent in these churches facilities. Your mission is to bring distraction through dialogue laughs and jokes socializing and fornication. You must wake up early before their prayer and bewitch the place of prayer so that intercessors will be heavy and will fail to pray effectively. The devil said, "For witches, it is enough to bewitch the church facilities. You just need to metamorphose to insects and blow the bluish smoke in order to change the atmosphere in the church facilities and prayer room. As a consequence, everybody will be heavy during the prayer." And then the devil said to the participants, "You must oppose revelational preaching and teaching."

The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you! Amen.
